hi I'm Johnny good I'm the author of new
book how to make masks and I wanted to
show you how I made this mask which is
one of the projects in the book this is
made with two layers of paper mache
using a brand new recipe that I
developed for fast-setting paper mache
paste it's only got two layers but as
you can see it's really strong it's nice
and smooth on the inside and it's really
quick and easy because you can use
really big sheets of paper instead of
instead of a normal way of making paper
mache where you have to cut up all those
little tiny strips of newspaper this way
you can use a piece of paper and the
fast-setting paste probably covering one
corner of the mask at a time with two
layers that goes really fast the fun
part and the easy part is actually
making the mold the shapes and that's
all done with modeling clay so you don't
even have to do that part in paper mache
at all so I want to show you how to do
this is a brand new way to make paper
mache masks let's get started I'll show
you how it was done make all of my mess
over a mass form you can use either a
plastic mass form that you get at a
hobby store or you can make one yourself
like I did here and then you use
modeling clay to make the features I
happen to use super sculpey but you can
use any kind of modeling clay you can
reuse it over and over again then once
you have all the features the way you
want them you add two layers of
fascinating paper mache and a really
strong stretchy paper that you get at
the hardware store I show you how to do
that in the book so you can get those
nice the nice mustache and eyebrows
without having to make those with your
clay you put those on after the the
paper mache is put on you only use two
layers of paper mache it's really all
you need because the paper is so strong
and the fast-setting paper mache paste
really makes a nice strong man
and then once you have the paper mache
dry and you've taken it off of the
modelling clay form you go ahead and
paint it any way you like puts on some
waterproof varnish and it's all done if
you're really in a hurry you can
actually make a mask from start to
finish in one day however I recommend
that you take a bit more time not only
to let everything dry thoroughly but
also because it gives you more time to
be creative and get things really
looking exactly the way you want them to
I hope you enjoyed this a short little
video it's an overview of the new way to
make a paper mache mask you make them as
realistic as you want to as you can see
it's not hard so please go out and check
my book out it's available on amazon.com
it's called how to make masks and I'm
Johnny good thanks for watching bye bye